Source: http://games.espn.com/tournament-challenge-bracket/2018/en/story?pageName=tcmen\rules

Official Rules

Men's Tournament Challenge 2018 Official Rules

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. THE FOLLOWING PROMOTION IS INTENDED FOR VIEWING IN THE UNITED STATES, THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND CANADA ONLY (EXCLUDING PUERTO RICO, OTHER U.S. TERRITORIES AND FOREIGN TERRITORIES) AND SHALL ONLY BE CONSTRUED AND EVALUATED ACCORDING TO UNITED STATES LAW. DO NOT PROCEED WITH THIS PROMOTION IF YOU ARE NOT LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES, THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA OR CANADA.

1. ELIGIBILITY. These are the official rules (the "Official Rules") for Men's Tournament Challenge (the "Promotion"). The Promotion is open to legal residents of the 50 United States, the District of Columbia and Canada (EXCLUDING PUERTO RICO, OTHER UNITED STATES TERRITORIES, AND FOREIGN TERRITORIES), who are eighteen (18) years or older as of the date of entry, and are registered members of ESPN.com (an "Entrant" or "you"). (Registration is further described below in Section 4.) The following are not eligible for the Promotion: (i) employees and agents of Sponsor and Promoter and their respective parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, and each of their respective advertising/promotion agencies; and (ii) the "immediate family members" and/or "household members" of any of the persons set forth in (i) above. "Immediate family members" shall mean parents, step-parents, children, step-children, siblings or spouses. "Household members" shall mean people who share the same residence at least three (3) months a year. Participation in the Promotion constitutes Entrant's full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and to Sponsor's decisions. The decisions of the Sponsor regarding all matters relating to the Promotion are final and binding. Winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein. From all eligible entries received, the winner will be determined based on their ability to accumulate the most points in this Promotion during the 2018 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament (the "Tournament"). If you are a college athlete or expect to be one, participating in this Promotion could affect your NCAA ® eligibility. This Promotion is void in all U.S. Territories, (e.g., Puerto Rico and Guam) and where prohibited or restricted by law and subject to all applicable federal, state, local and municipal laws and regulations.

2. SPONSOR; PROMOTERS. This Promotion is sponsored by ESPN Internet Ventures (the "Sponsor") and is promoted by Microsoft Corporation (the "Promoters"). Additional advertisers associated with the Promotion, if any, shall be deemed a Promoter for purposes of these Official Rules. This contest is not endorsed by, associated with, or sponsored by, the National Collegiate Athletic Association ("NCAA"), its members or partners.

3. ENTRY PAGE. To access and/or enter the Promotion, log-on to the Men's Tournament Challenge homepage during the Promotion Period and complete your entry by clicking on the "Create Entry" button.

4. ESPN.COM REGISTRATION. To play the Promotion, you must be a registered member of ESPN.com (or one of Sponsor's affiliated websites, e.g., ABC.com, ABCNews.com, DisneyOnline.com, and Family.com). Registration is free.

a. Not yet a Member. You may register by clicking on the applicable link on the entry page for the Promotion, and following the instructions. You will be asked to provide your e-mail address, name, birth date, gender and country of residence (collectively "User Information") and to select a username and password.

b. Already a Member. If you are already a member (or if you are a member of one of the Sponsor's affiliated websites), then you do not need to register again. You may enter the Promotion by logging in on ESPN.com with your current username and password.

c. Survey Questions or Promotional Email. You may be asked to answer survey questions or to consent to receive promotional emails or offers. This is optional. You are not required to answer questions or to give consent to receive such emails or offers in order to become a member or to be eligible to play in the Promotion. Even if you consent, you may subsequently opt-out of receiving such emails or offers by clicking on the "myESPN" link on any ESPN.com Fantasy Game page, then clicking on the "Member Services" link, then the "Newsletters" link and following the instructions.

d. Password. You are responsible for the secrecy of your password. Sponsor, Promoters and other third parties are not responsible or liable for any actions taken using your password.

5. TIMING. Entry in the Promotion begins on Monday, February 26, 2018. The Promotion begins on Thursday, March 15, 2018 at 12:00pm Eastern Time and ends on Monday, April 2, 2018 at 11:59pm (or upon the completion of the Tournament) (the "Promotion Period"). For purposes of these Official Rules all times are Eastern Time ("ET").

6. HOW TO PLAY.

a. General. The objective of the Promotion is to accumulate the most points by correctly selecting the "winning pick" for each of the sixty-three (63) match-ups associated with the Tournament.

b. How to make your selections. You may enter your selections online by following the instructions in the How to Play section of the game.

c. Scoring. A correct pick in a given round is shown below:

• Round 2: 10 points per pick

• Round 3: 20 points per pick

• Round 4: 40 points per pick

• Round 5: 80 points per pick

• Round 6: 160 points per pick

• Championship: 320 points per pick

In the event a Tournament match does not occur as scheduled (e.g., due to cancellation) no points will be awarded.

d. Lock-time. All picks will lock at the scheduled tip off time of the Tournament currently scheduled for Thursday, March 15, 2018. Your picks for the matchups must be submitted, received and recorded by Sponsor's computer by the scheduled locktime. Selections submitted after the deadline are considered invalid. Sponsor's computer is the official time-keeping device for this Promotion.

e. Ties. Entrants may, but are not required to, submit a predicted score for the championship game (the "Tiebreaker Game Score"). This prediction is used for tiebreaker purposes only. If no predicted score is submitted for an entry, it is given a default prediction of zero (0) points to zero (0) points.

*NOTE - TIEBREAKERS WILL ONLY BE USED FOR LOCAL GROUP STANDINGS AND DO NOT IMPACT THE DETERMINATION OF THE GRAND PRIZE WINNER.

TIEBREAKERS:

• Tiebreaker #1 - An Entrant's predicted Tiebreaker Game Score is compared to the actual game score. The differences (absolute values only) between the predicted score and actual score for each team are added together into a combined total. The entry with the smallest total is considered the winning entry.

• Tiebreaker #2 - Number of points scored in Championship Round.

• Tiebreaker #3 - Number of points scored in Round 6.

• Tiebreaker #4 - Number of points scored in Round 5.

• Tiebreaker #5 - Number of points scored in Round 4.

• Tiebreaker #6 - Number of points scored in Round 3.

• Tiebreaker #7 - Number of points scored in Round 2.

• Tiebreaker #8 - The Entrant whose date of entry creation was recorded in the system the earliest.

In all cases, an entry that does not win a tiebreaker is eliminated from consideration.

f. Limit. TWENTY FIVE (25) ENTRIES PER PERSON/ PER UNIQUE ESPN.COM USER ACCOUNT (REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF EMAIL ADDRESSES OR REGISTERED MEMBER ACCOUNTS).

7. NO ENTRY FEE. There is no entry fee required to participate in the Promotion. Only entries received online in accordance with these Official Rules will be accepted. No other forms of entry - fax, mail, email, phone or other - will be accepted. Entry materials/data that have been tampered with or altered are void. Winner will be determined on or about Wednesday, April 4, 2018.

8. PRIZES.

a. The approximate retail value ("ARV") of all prizes is $19,950. Sponsor will award one (1) grand prize (the "Grand Prize") to a randomly-selected Entrant who is among the top one percent (1%) of eligible point scorers in the Promotion.

Grand Prize Winner: One (1) Trip for two (2) to the 2018 Maui Jim Maui Invitational including: (i) roundtrip economy airfare for two from a major airport closest to Grand Prize Winner's place of residence; (ii) 5 nights hotel accommodations (one room, double occupancy) (iii) tickets to all sessions of the 2018 Maui Jim Maui Invitational and (iv) $10,000 in Amazon.com Gift Cards. *Restrictions apply. See details. Odds of winning prizes depend on the total number of eligible entries received. Gift Cards are NOT redeemable/exchangeable for cash. Other restrictions may apply. No cash or other prize substitution, assignment or transfer of prizes permitted, except at Sponsor's sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize with one of comparable or greater value. THE WINNER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL TAXES ASSOCIATED WITH THE RECEIPT OR USE OF ANY PRIZE.

b. Random Drawing. The top 1% of entrants, based on overall points, will be entered into a random drawing. For purposes of determining the top 1%, no tiebreaker will be used. Instead, a "cutoff score" will be determined that includes at least the top 1% but may also include additional tied Entrants. The Grand Prize drawing will be held on or around Wednesday, April 4, 2018. Potential Prize Winner will be notified by phone and/or by email within a reasonable time after the Grand Prize drawing, not to exceed thirty (30) days.

c. Grand Prize Restrictions. Grand Prize Winner must be able to travel to Hawaii from November 17-22, 2018. Inability of Grand Prize Winner to travel on those dates will result in forfeiture of the Grand Prize. Winner will receive a daily meal stipend. Meals, beverages, gratuities, incidental expenses and all other costs that exceed that stipend and expenses relative to participation in Promotion (including acceptance of prize) not specified herein are not included and are solely the Grand Prize winner's responsibility. All arrangements are subject to change, availability, holiday, blackout dates and other restrictions. Trip arrangements cannot be changed by Grand Prize winner/travel companion. Grand Prize winner/travel companion must travel on the same itinerary and at the same time. Grand Prize winner must respond promptly to Sponsor's requests regarding travel arrangements. Grand Prize winner/travel companion must travel on the dates, and at the time and to the location approved/specified by the Sponsor. Grand Prize winner/travel companion must provide own transportation to/from airport of departure. Grand Prize Winner and travel companion are solely responsible for obtaining any/all necessary travel documentation/requirements (including but not limited to valid photo I.D., passport, etc.) before departure. Airline carrier and hotel regulations and conditions apply. Prizes are not valid for upgrades. All tickets issued in conjunction with the prizes are not eligible for frequent flyer miles. If air travel is not needed, in the sole opinion of the Sponsor ground transportation may be substituted for the air travel, and there will be no cash alternative. If Grand Prize winner chooses to not take a travel companion, then the travel companion elements will be forfeited and the remaining elements shall constitute full satisfaction of the Grand Prize.

d. Background Check. Sponsor reserves the right to conduct a background check concerning any winner/travel companion, including without limitation checking publicly available information contained in civil and criminal court records, police reports, and social media. To the extent necessary under law, winner/travel companion shall authorize such background check and acknowledge that Sponsor has a legitimate business need for such background check. Sponsor may also take all steps necessary to corroborate any information provided to Sponsor by winner/travel companion in his/her interview including conducting its own internal vetting process. In that regard, winner/travel companion will be obligated to provide necessary contacts and information (including but not limited to full legal name, home address, telephone number and date of birth) so that Sponsor may conduct such background check and internal vetting. Sponsor reserves the right (at its sole discretion) to disqualify a winner based on the background check or internal vetting, and to select an alternate.

9. ENTRY ERRORS/ NO RETURN OF ENTRIES; DISPUTES. Neither Sponsor nor Promoters are responsible for lost, late, incomplete, damaged, stolen, invalid, unintelligible or misdirected entries, which will be disqualified. Neither Sponsor nor Promoters are responsible for any unavailability of or interruptions to any service or equipment used in connection with the Promotion, including, without limitation, (1) interruptions to any network, server, Internet, website, telephone, satellite, computer or other connections (2) failures of any telephone, satellite, hardware, software or other equipment, (3) garbled, misdirected or jumbled transmissions, or traffic congestion, or (4) other errors of any kind, whether human, technical, mechanical or electronic, or (5) the incorrect or inaccurate capture of entry or other information or the failure to capture any such information. Once submitted, entries become the sole property of Sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. In the event of a dispute, the authorized account holder at the time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. Potential winner may be required to show proof of identification, and Sponsor may require that the potential winner provide proof that his/her identification matches the User Information associated with the winning entry (both at the time of entry and at the time of verification of a potential winner). SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DISQUALIFY ANY POTENTIAL WINNER IF IT DETERMINES, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, THAT ANY USER INFORMATION WAS CHANGED OR FALSIFIED IN ORDER TO MEET ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS. The decisions of the professional referees officiating the games shall be final and binding regarding the outcome and scoring of the game.

10. POTENTIAL WINNER. ALL POTENTIAL WINNING ENTRIES ARE SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION BY SPONSOR, WHOSE DECISIONS ARE FINAL. SPONSOR SHALL SOLELY DETERMINE ANY FORM OF VERIFICATION. AN ENTRANT IS NOT A WINNER OF ANY PRIZE UNLESS AND UNTIL ENTRANT'S ELIGIBILITY AND THE POTENTIAL WINNING ENTRY HAS BEEN VERIFIED AND ENTRANT HAS BEEN NOTIFIED THAT VERIFICATION IS COMPLETE. SPONSOR WILL NOT ACCEPT SCREEN SHOTS, AFFIDAVITS OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF WINNING IN LIEU OF ITS VALIDATION PROCESS. ANY ENTRY THAT OCCURS AFTER THE SYSTEM HAS FAILED FOR ANY REASON MAY BE DEEMED A DEFECTIVE ENTRY AND VOID. Potential winner will be notified via email (or overnight mail) sent within thirty (30) business days following the end of the Promotion Period. It is the sole responsibility of the Entrant to notify the Sponsor during the Promotion Period if his or her e-mail address has changed. To do so, click on the "myESPN" icon on any ESPN.com page fantasy game page, then click on the Account Information link and follow the instructions to update your email address. A potential winner will be disqualified and an alternate potential winner will be selected (i.e., another randomly selected Entrant from the top 1%) if (i) he/she does not comply with these rules (or is otherwise determined to be ineligible), (ii) he/she does not respond to the prize notice within five (5) days of its transmission (or receipt, if mailed), or if the emailed prize notice, after three (3) attempts, is returned as undeliverable, or (iii) the prize is undeliverable for any reason. If Sponsor notifies, or seeks to deliver a prize to or otherwise attempts to contact an alternate potential winner, and such alternate potential winner is subsequently disqualified then Sponsor shall use its reasonable business judgment to determine, in its sole discretion, the disposition of the prize (e.g., may choose another alternate potential winner in a manner consistent with these rules or donate the prize to another entity, at its sole discretion). Winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein. Winner is solely responsible for any and all expenses, relative to participation in the Promotion (including acceptance of any prize) not specified herein.

11. AFFIDAVIT OF ELIGIBILITY/LIABILITY RELEASE. As a condition of receiving a prize, potential winner may be required to complete, sign and return an Affidavit of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and, except where prohibited, a Publicity Release, within fifteen (15) days of the date stated on the prize notice. Except where prohibited, participation in this Promotion constitutes winner's consent to Sponsor's and Promoters', and any of their respective agents' use of winner's name, likeness, voice, opinions and biographical information for publicity, advertising, trade or promotional purposes in any media or manner, now known or hereafter devised, worldwide, without further payment, consideration, notice or approval.

12. CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION. Participation constitutes Entrant's full and unconditional agreement to these official rules and to Sponsor's decisions. The decisions of the Sponsor in regards to all matters of this Promotion are final and binding. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion, to modify, cancel, terminate, and/or suspend the Promotion and to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process, violates these Official Rules, or acts in a disruptive or unsportsmanlike manner. Without limiting the foregoing, Sponsor may lock out an Entrant who, in Sponsor's sole judgment, has been disqualified, has questionable eligibility or is otherwise ineligible to enter. CAUTION: A PERSON WHO ATTEMPTS DELIBERATELY TO UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS PROMOTION OR TO ALTER OR DAMAGE A WEBSITE MAY BE SUBJECT TO CIVIL AND/OR CRIMINAL PENALTIES AND FINES; AND SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

Without limiting the foregoing, Sponsor may modify, cancel, terminate, and/or suspend the Promotion if, in the Sponsor's sole opinion, an incident of any kind occurs to corrupt or impair the administration, security, integrity, fairness or play (as intended) of the Promotion, including without limitation: (a) viruses, bugs, unauthorized human intervention, fraud or technical failure; or (b) earthquake, flood, fire, storm or other natural disaster, act of God; or (c) labor controversy or threat thereof, civil disturbance or commotion, disruption of the public markets, war or armed conflict (whether or not officially declared). In the event that the Men's Tournament is postponed, terminated early, or cancelled for any reason (such as a strike or lockout), Sponsor reserves the right to award prizes based on scores at the time the season is disrupted, or to cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion at its discretion. In the event of a cancellation or termination by the Sponsor the Entrant who has accumulated the highest point total (and who wins any pending tiebreakers) at the time of any said action will be awarded the prizes, or the prizes will be awarded in such other manner deemed fair and appropriate by Sponsor.

13. RELEASE AND INDEMNITY. By participating in this Promotion or receiving a prize, Entrants (and in particular, winner) agree to release and to indemnify and hold harmless Sponsor, Promoters and each of their respective related companies, and all of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the "Released Parties") for any liability, injury, death, loss or damages to Entrant or any person or entity, including without limitation damage to personal or real property, caused in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by participation in this Promotion (or related activities) or the acceptance, possession or use/misuse of a prize.

14. GAMBLING PROHIBITION. This Promotion is strictly for entertainment purposes and may not be used in connection with any form of gambling. The NCAA ® does not promote, endorse or condone gambling or sports wagering of any kind. The NCAA ® membership has adopted specific legislation prohibiting athletic department staff members, conference office staff, national office staff and student-athletes from engaging in sports gambling activities as they relate to intercollegiate or professional sporting events.

15. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. The Released Parties do not make any representation, warranty or guarantee, express or implied, relating to the Promotion or prizes, and are not responsible for: (1) any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by Entrants, printing errors or by any of the equipment, hardware, software or programming associated or used with the Promotion; (2) technical errors, defects, delays or failures of any kind, including without limitation malfunctions, interruptions or disconnections in communications lines, Internet or website access, hardware or software; (3) digital or electronic disruptions, e.g., viruses; (4) unauthorized human intervention, e.g., hacking; (5) technical or human error which may occur in connection with any aspect of the Promotion; (6) any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from Entrant's participation in the Promotion, access to, copying or downloading materials from ESPN.com or any other website, or receipt or use of any prize.

16. DISPUTES/CHOICE OF LAW. Except where prohibited, each Entrant agrees that: (1) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by state or federal courts situated in New York county, New York state, i.e., Manhattan; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, but in no event attorneys' fees; and (3) no punitive, incidental, special, consequential or other damages, including without limitation lost profits may be awarded (collectively, "Special Damages"), and (4) Entrant hereby waives all rights to claim Special Damages and all rights to have such damages multiplied or increased. New York law, without reference to New York's choice of law rules, governs the Promotion and all aspects related thereto.

17. PRIVACY. Personally identifiable information that is submitted by Entrants as part of this Promotion will be used to administer the Promotion, select prize winner and fulfill prizes, and will be treated in accordance with Sponsor's privacy policy accessible on its website at www.espn.com. If you have entered this Promotion through Facebook, you are providing your information to ESPN and not to Facebook and will be used in accordance Sponsor's privacy policy.

18. OFFICIAL RULES; WINNERS LISTS. For a copy of the Official Rules and/or list of winners, mail a self-addressed stamped envelope to the address below (Residents of VT may omit return postage). Requests must be received within thirty (30) days following the end of the Promotion (i.e., by May 2, 2018).

Men's Tournament Challenge

c/o ESPN Internet Ventures

Marketing Department

56 West 66th Street

New York, NY 10023.

19. ADDRESS; COPYRIGHT. Sponsor is responsible for the Promotion and awarding of prizes. Sponsor's address is 56 West 66th Street, New York, NY 10023. The Promotion and all accompanying materials are copyright © 2018 ESPN Internet Ventures.

Amazon.com is not a sponsor of this promotion. Except as required by law, Amazon.com Gift Cards ("GCs") cannot be transferred for value or redeemed for cash. GCs may be used only for purchases of eligible goods at Amazon.com or certain of its affiliated websites. For complete terms and conditions, see www.amazon.com/gc-legal. GCs are issued by ACI Gift Cards, Inc., a Washington corporation. All Amazon ®, ™ & © are IP of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. No expiration date or service fees.